it's been a perennial source of
headlines and hot takes for decades now
dark matter
so let's get into it well first let's
recall a little bit of background dark
matter is the name of a problem not a
solution
it's not a theory or an explanation
certainly not a good explanation in
deutsche's sense the papyrian worldview
it's an easy to vary hypothesis by which
I mean well there are lots of different
models of dark matter that might fill
the bill and none of them so far have
actually been able to solve the problem
that we have and so it's just called
Dark Matter to label a problem the first
of these problems that arose that cause
people to go aha Dark Matter were
observations of the rotation of spiral
galaxies
they were rotating too fast
you can measure the rate of rotation of
a galaxy when they are aligned just so
in the right way with